Setting up for a convention in a large stadium requires a lot of coordination.
So does the construction of our new world headquarters in Warwick, New York.
Hundreds of volunteers arrive every week to help out, all with a variety of construction skills.
But one may ask, with so many people needed, how do we find the right people for the right job?
The answer is Warwick construction groups that have been set up all over the country.
The Warwick construction group is basically a staffing agency.
Local brothers are given the task to find and assess the construction skill level of volunteers,
and then forward that information to the branch.
At that time we were working with 11 RBCs, roughly 25,000 volunteers.
How are we going to contact them?
We sent over 200,000 emails looking for skilled volunteers in various trades.
Then we hit the road, 30 different locations around the state, and interviewed everyone they was interested in Warwick.
Don't you think that it's even amazing that Jehovah assigns humans to do the work for him?
And he calls us, in 1 Corinthians 3 verse 9, he calls us fellow workers. What a beautiful expression.
And what we find is everybody wants to go tomorrow.
And they're so willing to go to spend their own money, to sacrifice their time, play their own plane tickets,
and do so many things, that it's just a really encouraging thing to see such a fine willing spirit that could only exist among Jehovah's people.
Volunteers have been organized into 23 different trades, which are managed from the field.
Volunteers receive help with any questions, arrangements, or information about Bethel, as well as any Bethel training they may need.
Over 7,000 interviews have already been conducted.
One of the first things that my middle son just said, and he's been wanting a cow for three years, we just got him one probably about two weeks ago.
And the first thing that he said when he heard that dad was asked to leave next month to go was that he'd be willing to sell his cow.
Her dad's in ticket.
So we're very excited about any opportunity like this to serve Jehovah in this way, because we feel like this building will stand into the new system,
and it's a chance to have a part in something that is so special.
And so we're, we're pumped, and we're ready for it.
We have a cow for sale.
The whole project of Warwick may be about building buildings, but it's the people that build them.
And we've had an extremely nice privilege in meeting all of these brothers and sisters, all of them willing to go today.
Many times, bad health keeps them from doing that.
We've heard stories from brothers that have undergone really bad things in their life, but they're really wanting to go.
One brother made the comment that his daughter had just died a few weeks before we interviewed him.
And he says, I just want to go to Warwick.
So I can poke Satan in the eye.
When you see Jehovah's people answer the call, there's nothing better than to be part of that.